samples: sensor: bme280: add README.rst (#14964)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/sensor/bme280/README.rst

.. _bme280:

BME280 Humidity and Pressure Sensor
###################################

Overview
********

> This sample application periodically reads temperature, pressure and humidity data from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample application periodically reads temperature, pressure, and humidity data from
```

> the first available device that implements SENSOR_CHAN_AMBIENT_TEMP, SENSOR_CHAN_PRESS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the first available device that implements SENSOR_CHAN_AMBIENT_TEMP, SENSOR_CHAN_PRESS,
```

and SENSOR_CHAN_HUMIDITY. This sample checks the sensor in polling mode (without
interrupt trigger).

Building and Running
********************

This sample application uses an BME280 sensor connected to an Arduino 101 board via I2C.

> Sensor has multiple pins so you need to connect according to connection diagram given in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect the sensor pins according to the connection diagram given in the
```

`bme280 datasheet`_ at page 38.
There are two processor cores (x86 and ARC) on the Arduino 101. You will need to
flash both this sample's code on the ARC core (using the ``arduino101_ss`` board target),
and stub code on the x86 core (using the ``arduino_101`` board target), as shown below.

> .. code-block:: console

Reviewer: delete this line (with the code-block directive) since there is no code block here.

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/sensors/bme280

>    :board: arduino_101_sss

Reviewer 2: This sample doesn't build out of the box for this board. Will you please also add a dts overlay to fix this?
```
In file included from /home/maureen/zephyrproject/zephyr/drivers/sensor/bme280/bme280.c:24:
/home/maureen/zephyrproject/zephyr/drivers/sensor/bme280/bme280.h:111:2: error: #error "BME280 device type not specified"
 #error "BME280 device type not specified"
  ^~~~~
/home/maureen/zephyrproject/zephyr/drivers/sensor/bme280/bme280.c: In function 'bme280_init':
/home/maureen/zephyrproject/zephyr/drivers/sensor/bme280/bme280.c:357:22: warning: unused variable 'data' [-Wunused-variable]
  struct bme280_data *data = dev->driver_data;
                      ^~~~
In file included from ../../../../include/sensor.h:23,
                 from /home/maureen/zephyrproject/zephyr/drivers/sensor/bme280/bme280.c:11:
/home/maureen/zephyrproject/zephyr/drivers/sensor/bme280/bme280.c: At top level:
/home/maureen/zephyrproject/zephyr/drivers/sensor/bme280/bme280.c:385:29: error: 'DT_BOSCH_BME280_0_LABEL' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'DT_BOSCH_BMI160_0_LABEL'?
 DEVICE_AND_API_INIT(bme280, DT_BOSCH_BME280_0_LABEL, bme280_init, &bme280_data,
                             ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
../../../../include/device.h:107:11: note: in definition of macro 'DEVICE_AND_API_INIT'
   .name = drv_name, .init = (init_fn),     \
           ^~~~~~~~
```

Author: Ok, which board do your prefer? Arduino_101?

Author: Done. Please help me to review again. Thanks.

   :goals: flash
   :compact:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: tests/booting/stub
   :board: arduino_101
   :goals: flash
   :compact:

Sample Output
=============

> To check output of this sample , any serial console program can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the output of this sample, any serial console program can be used.
```

> Here I am using picocom program to open output. Check which tty device it is.

Reviewer: Change to:
```
This example uses ``picocom`` on the serial port ``/dev/ttyUSB0``:
```

Author: @dbkinder Thank you for those suggestions. Should I need to change this file locally in my PC, and check it manually? Is there any way that accepts your commits and pull it down to my PC?

Reviewer: It seems to work better to make the change locally and do a "git commit --amend" and a forced push to update your PR.

Author: Done. Please help me to review again. Thanks.

Author: @dbkinder

Reviewer: It doesn't appear that my previous comments were addressed yet?

In my case it is ttyUSB0

.. code-block:: console

        $ sudo picocom -D /dev/ttyUSB0

.. code-block:: console

        temp: 27.950000; press: 100.571027; humidity: 61.014648
        temp: 27.940000; press: 100.570269; humidity: 61.012695
        temp: 27.950000; press: 100.570695; humidity: 61.002929

> .. _bme280 datasheet: https://www.mouser.com/ds/2/621/BST-BME280_DS001-09-521021.pdf

Reviewer 2: Please link directly to the vendor: https://ae-bst.resource.bosch.com/media/_tech/media/datasheets/BST-BME280-DS002.pdf

Reviewer 2: I thought you fixed this earlier, but it seems to have been reverted. The dts overlay disappeared too.

Author: I am very sorry about this. I try to works on different PC but looks it not a good idea for me now. I have correct those issues.
